hello folks and welcome to the video
today I want to be teaching you guys
about grit bad grow and tolerate grow
tower aggro is actually very complex i
don't even really understand it but i'll
try my best to tell you guys all about
it right now i'm playing an AI map as
you can see up here in the top corner
you know the reason I'm doing this is
because just for the video purposes I
don't want to have to I don't want to
have to join a game just for a video and
then leave and whatnot so I'm doing it
this way instead you guys are going to
see some differences here I have a
different tile set loaded I probably
should have set that back to a little
but I didn't it's not really a hack it's
kind of just a program that changes the
background it's a kind of a nice to get
away from the usual DOTA map a little a
little easier on the eyes maybe right
now we're just waiting for groups to
spawn so I'm just kind of babble about
random if you guys ever want to
you know play game with me i play on
east my new name is a hail underscore
that'll be in Maya and my comment as
well as well as a link to DOTA cash
forms which are is a dodo lead on us
east and us west and not sure thrown any
other any of the other rooms but those
are just the ones that I know so the
creeps pond here um II personally I'm
going to teach you about as a tower or
creep aggro to how to get the creeps
away from out of harassing range and out
of denying range because you'll will see
that he has puck and I have queen of
pain don't complain about my skills at
the moment cuz I'm not really trying but
basically all you do to to get out of a
harassing
harassing is uh when the creeps come up
they'll usually be fighting around here
but a few a few creep block I don't
creep box I find it really stupid
because all it's going to do is just
going to block the creeps to your tower
and they're just going to get pushed
harder and that's that's
counterproductive here so if you get the
creeps back all you gotta do is just
right click on him and you'll see how
they instantly start targeting me and
when they do that they move like right
here I'm out of harassing range here
which is what we're trying to do um I'm
going to go ahead and cheat here so i
canna so I can show you guys more about
a lot of tower a girl and whatnot I'm
gonna go ahead and I'm going to kill him
too so yes I did just cheat right there
I'm turning it off now don't complain
but usually one you when you're
attacking the creep when you're
attacking the tower he's usually going
to go either for you or the back creeps
usually he goes for you it's really kind
of dependent all I do wanna when the
towers when the tower is about to change
targets when the creep is about to die
just move out of tower range which is a
700 I want to say it's got like right
here yeah but right here is the
borderline I wouldn't want to go
anywhere closer to that without
creepster
again here will show you the how to
creep back go again just right-click on
puck and then they'll start coming over
to me and now I'm out of harassing range
if it was a meadow if it was a male I
hear it would be a different story it's
basically the same thing though you
might still be in harassing ranch you
might not be but that's basically it
it's rather simple except for the tower
aggro that's a that's kind of
complicated but i'll link you guys a
post on our forums that was a post-it
not too long ago about how to understand
tower aggro and which which units it
would rather go for but that's basically
it i hope you enjoyed the time spent
with me send me a PM on the dirty cash
forums we want a game if not you can
find me on east clan cash or client code
thanks bye